Date: 2017-11-01

Attendants:
* Andrew Emmott
* Andrew Ekstedt
* Scott Merrill
* Scott Russell

Agenda:
* Progress report

Progress report:

* TA: how are things going?
    * SR: we sent our requirements document to our client for feedback
    * SR: and we talked to winters we talked to winters for feedback

Discussion:
* TA: reminder that research-oriented projects need to go to class tomorrow
* TA: class policy is that i'm allowed to give a zero if 'make' fails
    * TA: so if you have latex problems, let me know ahead of time
    * TA: for example, some groups edit in another program and copy
          the latex file into their git repo, and run into problems
    * SR: yeah, we've been using overleaf

Action items:
* go to class tomorrow
* turn in the thing on Friday
