2017-11-08

Attendants:
* Andrew Emmott (TA)
* Andrew Ekstedt (AE)
* Scott Russell (SR)

Notes:
* SR: Scott Merrill is having car trouble, couldn't make it today
* Pictures
  * photos from week 4 have been distributed to the TAs, who will distribute them to the appropriate students
  * TA: photos sent to SR and AE
* Requirements doc
  * TA: i was able to pull the github repo and compile the PDFs with no problems
  * TA: will have feedback on the requirements doc by next week
  * SR: we got (minor) feedback from the client, will be finalizing the document soon
    * TA: that's fine
  * TA: did you get any feedback from Winters about the requirements doc?
    * yes, sort of. got a little feedback on the first draft, no feedback yet on our latest draft
* Tech review
  * TA: How are things going?
    * AE,SR: good, we've divvied up the tech review tasks with help from Winters and McGrath
  * AE: our nine tasks are:
     * literature review of SSE algorithms
     * tech review of crypto libraries (openssl, tomcrypt...)
     * choice of programming language (C++, Python...)
     * lit/tech review of crypto primitives - PRF
     * lit/review of crypto primitives - MAC
     * tech review of cloud compute platforms for hosting the SSE server (EC2, google compute...)
     * tech review of cloud storage providers for cloud integration project (Dropbox, google drive...)
     * tech review of email protocols for email integration project
     * experimental design for benchmarking our implementation versus:
         * IM-DSSE (different SSE algorithm)
         * Clusion (same SSE algorithm, but in Java)
  * TA: sounds good
* TA: Qs about upcoming assignments?
  * AE: it seems like there are a lot of substantial documents due in the latter half of the term
  * SR: what goes into end of term report? it seems like we've mostly just worked on documents 
    * TA: that's pretty much it

Action Items:
* SR will make change to requirements doc that the client requested
* TA will have feedback on the requirements document by next week
* AE will send meeting notes out today
* we will continue plugging away on the tech document
