Meeting with TA Andrew 10/25:
	• What is different since last time?
		○ Spoke with Attila and came to and understanding on the level of work expected on the project. 
		○ Focus is on implementing DSSE and applying it to an email server/database.
		○ Cut out/ make the password manager part a stretch goal
	• Meeting attendance will be taken by Andrew
	• Requirements document is a more technical document than the problem statement 
	• Make sure that .tex files compile for submission and grading by the TA
	• For feedback on any document, send an email to the TA before it is due 
	•  Requirements Document
		○ The more detail the better, this will help when we are graded at the end of the course 
		○ Rough daft: Are we working "in good faith" to get to the final product.
	• One note needs to be shared with the TA
		○ Allows him to check your weekly summary/blog
	
		
