2018-05-09 TA meeting

People:
- Andrew Ekstedt
- Scott Merrill
- Scott Russell
- Andrew Emmott

Discussion:
* AE: I talked with Attila after class today to give him a project update
    * He seems pretty nonchalant about the project
    * I let him know that expo is happening next week
    * We will set up a meeting with the whole group in the next couple weeks to touch base and wrap up the project.
* Code freeze friday 
    * This is when kevin will pull code 
    * Push everything by then 
* Advisory board clarifaction 
    * TA: You donâ€™t have to give a special presentation, you'll just get extra scrutinization at expo 
* Final report
    * TA: Reports and videos are interative documents. Can reuse bits from old documents and videos
    * Final video and report should assume no knowledge about the project on the part of the viewer
* Client responsibilities?
    * TA: The client will answer a survey about how well we did on the project, which will influence our final grade
